Eve Reyes-Aguirre has been endorsed by the Arizona Green Party as a candidate for US Senate. 



Eve Reyes-Aguirre is an Indigenous woman, community organizer and a human, indigenous and environmental rights advocate. Eve, a wife and mother or four, was born and raised in East Los Angeles and has been a resident of Phoenix, Arizona since 1998.  She has been doing community organizing and advocacy work for over 20 years.  

At the International level, Eve has worked tirelessly to bring awareness to the political, social, economic and environmental challenges affecting Indigenous Peoples globally. She also organizes at the grassroots level regionally and locally to strengthen traditional identity, equality and well-being of Indigenous Women, Indigenous Peoples, and the protection of water and the environment.

It is time for us to choose a representative that puts the people first, free from corporate ties, and interests.  Eve has made the commitment to ensure the voices of the people are heard and to work toward a healthy and sustainable future, for our children, and future generations. 


EVE REYES AGUIRRE
Eve.Reyes.Aguirre
Eve Reyes-Aguirre is an Indigenous, grassroots, community organizer, community advocate, wife and mother of four, born and raised in East Los Angeles. Eve moved to Phoenix 17 years ago, where she continues community organizing and advocacy work at Tonatierra Nahuacalli An Embassy of Indigenous Peoples. As an Indigenous woman, Eve also represents the women in her Calpolli (traditional community) annually at the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues as well as at the Global Indigenous Women’s Caucus. Eve has served as the Co chair for the Global Indigenous Women’s Caucus and currently serves as the Special Rapporteur. At the International level, Eve works alongside other Indigenous Women to bring awareness to the political, social and economic challenges affecting Indigenous Women and Peoples globally. Eve also organizes at the grassroots level regionally and locally to strengthen traditional identity, equality and well-being of Indigenous Women and all Indigenous Peoples.

Eve Reyes-Aguirre is an Indigenous, grassroots community organizer/advocate running for US Senate...


Eve Reyes-Aguirre for US Senate